README.md, before:

# Microsoft Copilot Scraper

[![Copilot scraper by cloro](https://github.com/cloro-dev/microsoft-copilot-scraper/blob/main/copilot-scraper-hero-image.png)](https://cloro.dev/copilot/?utm_source=github)

[![cloro](https://img.shields.io/badge/Powered%20by-Cloro-blue?style=for-the-badge)](https://cloro.dev/)

The [Copilot Scraper](https://cloro.dev/copilot/) by cloro enables developers to programmatically interact with Microsoft Copilot and automatically collect AI-powered responses along with structured metadata. Instead of manual data collection, you can retrieve results as parsed JSON, raw HTML, or other formats for seamless integration into your workflows.

You can use cloro's Copilot Scraper for development tools integration, Microsoft ecosystem research, and enterprise-focused queries. It handles dynamic AI-generated content, supports real-time extraction, and eliminates the need to manage authentication, sessions, or anti-bot systems.

## How it works

The Copilot scraper handles the rendering, parsing, and delivery of results in your requested format. You provide your query, API credentials, and optional parameters as shown below.

### Request sample (Python)

```python
import json
import requests

# API parameters
payload = {
    'prompt': 'How can I improve team productivity using Microsoft 365 tools?',
    'country': 'US',
    'include': {
        'markdown': True
    }
}

# Get a response
response = requests.post(
    'https://api.cloro.dev/v1/monitor/copilot',
    headers={'Authorization': 'Bearer YOUR_API_KEY'},
    json=payload
)

# Print response to stdout
print(response.json())

# Save response to a JSON file
with open('response.json', 'w') as file:
    json.dump(response.json(), file, indent=2)
```

### Request sample (cURL)

```bash
curl -X POST https://api.cloro.dev/v1/monitor/copilot \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer YOUR_API_KEY" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{
    "prompt": "How can I improve team productivity using Microsoft 365 tools?",
    "country": "US",
    "include": {
      "markdown": true
    }
  }'
```

### Request sample (Node.js)

```javascript
const axios = require("axios");

const payload = {
  prompt: "How can I improve team productivity using Microsoft 365 tools?",
  country: "US",
  include: {
    markdown: true,
  },
};

axios
  .post("https://api.cloro.dev/v1/monitor/copilot", payload, {
    headers: {
      Authorization: "Bearer YOUR_API_KEY",
      "Content-Type": "application/json",
    },
  })
  .then((response) => {
    console.log(response.data);
  })
  .catch((error) => {
    console.error("Error:", error);
  });
```

### Request parameters

| Parameter          | Description                                                                 | Default value |
| ------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| `prompt`\*         | The question or prompt to ask Copilot (1-10,000 characters)                 | –             |
| `country`          | Optional country/region code for localized results (e.g., `US`, `GB`, `DE`) | `US`          |
| `include.markdown` | Include response in Markdown format when set to true                        | `false`       |

\* Mandatory parameters

---

### Output samples

The Copilot Scraper API returns a structured JSON object containing Copilot's AI-generated response and metadata.

**Structured JSON output snippet:**

```json
{
  "success": true,
  "result": {
    "text": "To improve team productivity using Microsoft 365 tools, I recommend implementing the following strategies: utilize SharePoint for document collaboration, leverage Teams for communication, use Power Automate for workflow automation...",
    "sources": [
      {
        "position": 1,
        "url": "https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/",
        "label": "Microsoft 365 Documentation",
        "description": "Official documentation for Microsoft 365 productivity tools and features..."
      },
      {
        "position": 2,
        "url": "https://example.com/productivity-tips",
        "label": "Productivity Best Practices",
        "description": "Industry best practices for maximizing team productivity with Microsoft tools..."
      }
    ],
    "html": "<div>To improve team productivity using Microsoft 365 tools...</div>",
    "markdown": "**To improve team productivity using Microsoft 365 tools**, I recommend implementing the following strategies..."
  }
}
```

## Microsoft ecosystem integration

Copilot provides deep integration with the Microsoft ecosystem, offering specialized knowledge about Microsoft products, services, and best practices.

### Microsoft expertise features

- **Microsoft 365 knowledge**: Comprehensive understanding of Office apps, Teams, SharePoint, and more
- **Development tools**: Expertise in Visual Studio, Azure, and Microsoft development platforms
- **Enterprise solutions**: Knowledge of enterprise-grade Microsoft services and deployment strategies
- **Best practices**: Industry-standard approaches for Microsoft tool implementation and optimization

### Sources array structure

Each source in the `result.sources` array contains:

| Field         | Type    | Description                                   |
| ------------- | ------- | --------------------------------------------- |
| `position`    | integer | Position order of the source in the response  |
| `url`         | string  | Direct URL to the source content              |
| `label`       | string  | Source name or publication                    |
| `description` | string  | Brief description of what the source contains |

## Practical Copilot scraper use cases

1. **Microsoft 365 optimization:** Get expert advice on configuring and optimizing Microsoft 365 for team productivity.
2. **Development guidance:** Receive technical guidance for Microsoft development tools and platforms.
3. **Enterprise integration:** Learn best practices for integrating Microsoft solutions in enterprise environments.
4. **Workflow automation:** Discover ways to automate business processes using Microsoft Power Platform.
5. **Technical troubleshooting:** Get help with Microsoft product issues and optimization strategies.
6. **Training and documentation:** Generate training materials and documentation for Microsoft tools adoption.

## Why choose cloro?

- **Simple integration:** Clean API design with comprehensive documentation and examples.
- **Reliable performance:** >99% uptime and low latencies (P50 < 30s, P90 < 60s)
- **No infrastructure hassle:** We handle rate limiting and browser management.
- **Microsoft expertise:** Access to Copilot's specialized knowledge of the Microsoft ecosystem.
- **Developer support:** Responsive support team to help with integration and troubleshooting.

## FAQ

### Is scraping Copilot allowed?

Any website is legal to be scraped as long as the information is publicly accessible.

### What makes cloro's Copilot scraper unique?

cloro's Copilot endpoint provides reliable access to Microsoft Copilot's AI assistance with:

- **Microsoft ecosystem expertise** for development tools and enterprise solutions
- **Structured data extraction** for seamless integration into your workflows
- **Real-time assistance** for Microsoft product questions and optimization

### What's the recommended timeout for requests?

We don't recommend putting any timeout, given that our system retries automatically. We recommend setting up a retry mechanism in case of failure.

### Does the API support different countries?

Yes, you can specify country codes like `US`, `GB`, `DE`, `JP`, `CN`, `IN`, `BR` and more to get localized results relevant to specific regions.

### What kind of questions work best with Copilot?

Copilot excels at questions related to Microsoft products, development tools, enterprise solutions, technical guidance, and workflow optimization within the Microsoft ecosystem.

## Learn more

For detailed documentation, advanced features, and integration guides, visit:

- **API documentation:** [docs.cloro.dev](https://docs.cloro.dev)
- **Copilot scraper page:** [cloro.dev/copilot](https://cloro.dev/copilot/)

## Contact us

If you have questions or need support, reach out to us on [our contact page](https://cloro.dev/contact).

---

_Built with ❤️ by the cloro team_

Commit message:

feat: added "Other available scrapers" section

README.md, after:

# Microsoft Copilot Scraper

[![Microsoft Copilot scraper by cloro](https://github.com/cloro-dev/microsoft-copilot-scraper/blob/main/copilot-scraper-hero-image.png)](https://cloro.dev/copilot/?utm_source=github.com)

[![cloro](https://img.shields.io/badge/Powered%20by-cloro-blue?style=for-the-badge)](https://cloro.dev/)

The [Microsoft Copilot Scraper](https://cloro.dev/copilot/) by cloro enables developers to programmatically interact with Microsoft Copilot and automatically collect AI-powered responses along with structured metadata. Instead of manual data collection, you can retrieve results as parsed JSON, raw HTML, or other formats for seamless integration into your workflows.

You can use cloro's Copilot Scraper for development tools integration, Microsoft ecosystem research, and enterprise-focused queries. It handles dynamic AI-generated content, supports real-time extraction, and eliminates the need to manage authentication, sessions, or anti-bot systems.

## How it works

The Copilot scraper handles the rendering, parsing, and delivery of results in your requested format. You provide your query, API credentials, and optional parameters as shown below.

### Request sample (Python)

```python
import json
import requests

# API parameters
payload = {
    'prompt': 'How can I improve team productivity using Microsoft 365 tools?',
    'country': 'US',
    'include': {
        'markdown': True
    }
}

# Get a response
response = requests.post(
    'https://api.cloro.dev/v1/monitor/copilot',
    headers={'Authorization': 'Bearer YOUR_API_KEY'},
    json=payload
)

# Print response to stdout
print(response.json())

# Save response to a JSON file
with open('response.json', 'w') as file:
    json.dump(response.json(), file, indent=2)
```

### Request sample (cURL)

```bash
curl -X POST https://api.cloro.dev/v1/monitor/copilot \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer YOUR_API_KEY" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{
    "prompt": "How can I improve team productivity using Microsoft 365 tools?",
    "country": "US",
    "include": {
      "markdown": true
    }
  }'
```

### Request sample (Node.js)

```javascript
const axios = require("axios");

const payload = {
  prompt: "How can I improve team productivity using Microsoft 365 tools?",
  country: "US",
  include: {
    markdown: true,
  },
};

axios
  .post("https://api.cloro.dev/v1/monitor/copilot", payload, {
    headers: {
      Authorization: "Bearer YOUR_API_KEY",
      "Content-Type": "application/json",
    },
  })
  .then((response) => {
    console.log(response.data);
  })
  .catch((error) => {
    console.error("Error:", error);
  });
```

### Request parameters

| Parameter          | Description                                                                 | Default value |
| ------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| `prompt`\*         | The question or prompt to ask Copilot (1-10,000 characters)                 | –             |
| `country`          | Optional country/region code for localized results (e.g., `US`, `GB`, `DE`) | `US`          |
| `include.markdown` | Include response in Markdown format when set to true                        | `false`       |
| `include.html`     | Include URL to full HTML response when set to true (URL expires after 48h)  | `false`       |

\* Mandatory parameters

---

### Output samples

The Copilot Scraper API returns a structured JSON object containing Copilot's AI-generated response and metadata.

**Structured JSON output snippet:**

```json
{
  "success": true,
  "result": {
    "text": "To improve team productivity using Microsoft 365 tools, I recommend implementing the following strategies: utilize SharePoint for document collaboration, leverage Teams for communication, use Power Automate for workflow automation...",
    "sources": [
      {
        "position": 1,
        "url": "https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/",
        "label": "Microsoft 365 Documentation",
        "description": "Official documentation for Microsoft 365 productivity tools and features..."
      },
      {
        "position": 2,
        "url": "https://example.com/productivity-tips",
        "label": "Productivity Best Practices",
        "description": "Industry best practices for maximizing team productivity with Microsoft tools..."
      }
    ],
    "html": "https://storage.cloro.dev/results/c45a5081-808d-4ed3-9c86-e4baf16c8ab8/page-1.html", // URL expires after 48 hours
    "markdown": "**To improve team productivity using Microsoft 365 tools**, I recommend implementing the following strategies..."
  }
}
```

## Microsoft ecosystem integration

Copilot provides deep integration with the Microsoft ecosystem, offering specialized knowledge about Microsoft products, services, and best practices.

### Microsoft expertise features

- **Microsoft 365 knowledge**: Comprehensive understanding of Office apps, Teams, SharePoint, and more
- **Development tools**: Expertise in Visual Studio, Azure, and Microsoft development platforms
- **Enterprise solutions**: Knowledge of enterprise-grade Microsoft services and deployment strategies
- **Best practices**: Industry-standard approaches for Microsoft tool implementation and optimization

### Sources array structure

Each source in the `result.sources` array contains:

| Field         | Type    | Description                                   |
| ------------- | ------- | --------------------------------------------- |
| `position`    | integer | Position order of the source in the response  |
| `url`         | string  | Direct URL to the source content              |
| `label`       | string  | Source name or publication                    |
| `description` | string  | Brief description of what the source contains |

## Practical Copilot scraper use cases

1. **Microsoft 365 optimization:** Get expert advice on configuring and optimizing Microsoft 365 for team productivity.
2. **Development guidance:** Receive technical guidance for Microsoft development tools and platforms.
3. **Enterprise integration:** Learn best practices for integrating Microsoft solutions in enterprise environments.
4. **Workflow automation:** Discover ways to automate business processes using Microsoft Power Platform.
5. **Technical troubleshooting:** Get help with Microsoft product issues and optimization strategies.
6. **Training and documentation:** Generate training materials and documentation for Microsoft tools adoption.

## Why choose cloro?

- **Simple integration:** Clean API design with comprehensive documentation and examples.
- **Reliable performance:** >99% uptime and low latencies (P50 < 30s, P90 < 60s)
- **No infrastructure hassle:** We handle rate limiting and browser management.
- **Microsoft expertise:** Access to Copilot's specialized knowledge of the Microsoft ecosystem.
- **Developer support:** Responsive support team to help with integration and troubleshooting.

## FAQ

### Is scraping Copilot allowed?

Any website is legal to be scraped as long as the information is publicly accessible.

### What makes cloro's Copilot scraper unique?

cloro's Copilot endpoint provides reliable access to Microsoft Copilot's AI assistance with:

- **Microsoft ecosystem expertise** for development tools and enterprise solutions
- **Structured data extraction** for seamless integration into your workflows
- **Real-time assistance** for Microsoft product questions and optimization

### What's the recommended timeout for requests?

We don't recommend putting any timeout, given that our system retries automatically. We recommend setting up a retry mechanism in case of failure.

### Does the API support different countries?

Yes, you can specify country codes like `US`, `GB`, `DE`, `JP`, `CN`, `IN`, `BR` and more to get localized results relevant to specific regions.

### What kind of questions work best with Copilot?

Copilot excels at questions related to Microsoft products, development tools, enterprise solutions, technical guidance, and workflow optimization within the Microsoft ecosystem.

## Learn more

For detailed documentation, advanced features, and integration guides, visit:

- **API documentation:** [docs.cloro.dev](https://docs.cloro.dev)
- **Copilot scraper page:** [cloro.dev/copilot](https://cloro.dev/copilot/)

## Other available scrapers

- **[AI Mode](https://cloro.dev/ai-mode/)** - Extracts structured data from Google AI Mode for general knowledge queries, workflow optimization, and technical guidance.
- **[AI Overview](https://cloro.dev/ai-overview/)** - Extracts structured data from Google AI Overview for comprehensive search result analysis and AI-curated insights.
- **[ChatGPT](https://cloro.dev/chatgpt/)** - Extracts structured data from ChatGPT with advanced features including shopping cards, raw response data, and query fan-out.
- **[Copilot](https://cloro.dev/copilot/)** - Extracts structured data from Microsoft Copilot for development tools, Microsoft ecosystem research, and enterprise-focused queries.
- **[Google](https://cloro.dev/google-search/)** - Extracts structured data from Google Search results, including organic results, People Also Ask questions, related searches, and optional AI Overview data.
- **[Perplexity](https://cloro.dev/perplexity/)** - Extracts comprehensive structured data from Perplexity AI with real-time web sources, automatically detecting and extracting rich data objects.

## Contact us

If you have questions or need support, reach out to us on [our contact page](https://cloro.dev/contact).

---

Built with ❤️ by the cloro team
